Prompts/iOS/ModuleGenerationTemplate.md, before:

You need to generate a file like this one:

title: "iOS Interview Preparation"  
description: "An extensive overview of essential iOS development knowledge, designed to prepare you thoroughly for iOS interview success."  
subModules:  
  - title: "Swift Programming Language"  
    description: "Comprehensive insights into the Swift programming language, covering foundational to advanced concepts critical for iOS development."  
    subModules:  
      - title: "Fundamental Swift Concepts"  
        description: "Covers basic Swift language constructs and types, essential for building a solid programming foundation."  
        lessons:  
          - "types_overview"  
          - "optionals_basics"  
          - "basic_control_flow"  
      - title: "Intermediate Swift Concepts"  
        description: "Explores intermediate features in Swift such as structures, classes, and protocols that are core to app development."  
        lessons:  
          - "classes_and_structs"  
          - "protocols_and_delegation"  
          - "error_handling"  
      - title: "Advanced Swift Features"  
        description: "Delves into advanced Swift language features that enable high-performance, modular code for large-scale applications."  
        lessons:  
          - "generics_and_type_safety"  
          - "memory_management"  
          - "swift_concurrency_basics"  
  - title: "Software Architectures and Design Patterns for iOS"  
    description: "A deep dive into essential software architectures and design patterns used in iOS for scalable and maintainable applications."  
    subModules:  
      - title: "Model-View-Controller (MVC)"  
        description: "Introduction to the MVC pattern, the foundation of many iOS applications, and best practices for its use."  
        lessons:  
          - "mvc_overview"  
          - "mvc_implementation_examples"  
      - title: "Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM)"  
        description: "An exploration of the MVVM pattern, commonly used for more complex iOS apps and with SwiftUI."  
        lessons:  
          - "mvvm_basics"  
          - "mvvm_data_binding"  
          - "mvvm_advanced_usage"  
      - title: "Other Architectural Patterns"  
        description: "A look at additional architectural patterns used in iOS, including VIPER, Redux, and Coordinator pattern."  
        lessons:  
          - "viper_architecture"  
          - "redux_pattern"  
          - "coordinator_pattern"  

---

### Instructions:

1. **Output Format**:
   - **Generate the output as a single YAML file**.
   - Present the output in a code block so it’s ready to copy and use directly in a YAML-compatible editor.

2. **Lesson Identification and Structure**:
   - When listing lessons within the YAML structure, they must be **listed by their unique ID** as provided in the lesson metadata list. This ID will be the only way to retrieve each lesson.
   - Use only the lessons provided in the metadata list; do not generate any additional lessons, IDs, or metadata.

3. **Structure and Organization**:
   - Think of this as a well-cataloged course outline with carefully grouped lessons.
   - **"Leaf" modules** (modules containing lessons without further submodules) should include **no more than 1-7 lessons**. If a topic requires more lessons, consider creating multiple modules in a logical, organized way.
   - **Depth of Modules**: Avoid deep nesting wherever possible. The maximum depth of modules should be 6 to maintain clarity and readability. 

4. **Considerations for Content Grouping**:
   - Carefully analyze each lesson’s **title** and **description** to determine the most suitable groupings.
   - If a module has too many lessons, look for opportunities to split it sensibly based on topic areas or levels of proficiency (e.g., Fundamental, Intermediate, Advanced).
   - Aim to maintain a logical flow from basic concepts to advanced topics wherever possible.

5. **Consistency in Module and Lesson Titles**:
   - Use clear and professional titles for both modules and lessons.
   - Ensure module titles accurately reflect the content scope, e.g., use terms like "Fundamentals" or "Advanced" if they help convey the learning path.
   
6. **Suggested Grouping Logic**:
   - Group lessons into modules based on their logical connections or complementary focus areas.
   - Place more advanced topics under higher-level modules (e.g., "Advanced Swift" or "Architectural Patterns").
   - Avoid creating single-lesson modules unless absolutely necessary.

7. **Learning Goals**:
   - Consider the main goal: interview preparation for iOS developers. Group the lessons in a way that makes it easy to follow a progression from foundational knowledge to advanced techniques.

### Input Format

Here’s an example list of lesson metadata that you will be provided to organize within the modules. Focus on the **title** and **description** fields for this task.

Here's the lesson metadata list:

```json
[
  {
    "title": "Swift Concurrency with Async-Await and Structured Concurrency",
    "tags": ["concurrency", "async/await", "structured concurrency", "actors", "Swift", "asynchronous programming", "Swift concurrency"],
    "description": "A detailed exploration of Swift’s concurrency model, covering async/await, structured concurrency, and actors for efficient asynchronous programming."
  },
  {
    "title": "SOLID Principles for iOS Development",
    "tags": ["solid", "solid principles", "clean", "clean architecture", "software architecture", "architecture", "software design"],
    "description": "An in-depth lesson on the SOLID principles and their implementation in iOS development to enhance code modularity, maintainability, and scalability."
  },
  {
    "title": "MVVM Architecture for iOS Development using SwiftUI",
    "tags": ["mvvm", "model-view-viewmodel", "mvvm architecture", "mvvm design pattern", "design pattern", "ios architectures"],
    "description": "An introductory lesson on MVVM architecture and how to implement it in iOS development with SwiftUI, covering key components, benefits, and implementation examples."
  },
  {
    "title": "Optionals and Unwrapping in Swift",
    "tags": ["swift", "optionals", "unwrapping", "optional chaining", "guard let", "if let", "nil coalescing", "swift programming"],
    "description": "A comprehensive lesson on the use of optionals in Swift, including unwrapping techniques and underlying implementation details."
  },
  {
    "title": "Variables and Constants in Swift",
    "tags": ["swift", "variables", "constants", "let", "var", "iOS development", "programming basics"],
    "description": "A lesson on the use of variables and constants in Swift, explaining the differences between 'let' and 'var' and guiding when to use each."
  },
  {
    "title": "Memory Management in Swift",
    "tags": ["memory management", "ARC", "automatic reference counting", "retain cycles", "weak references", "strong references", "unowned references"],
    "description": "A comprehensive lesson on memory management concepts in Swift, covering ARC, strong, weak, and unowned references, retain cycles, and best practices for avoiding memory leaks in complex applications."
  }
]
```

Your task is to organize these lessons into a structured course outline using the given guidelines.

---

Ensure that your output has the correct structure, logically grouping related lessons and creating submodules as needed. The output should be a structured, organized **YAML file** with the title `"iOS Interview Preparation"` at the top level and a coherent hierarchy of modules and lessons beneath.

Commit message:

Updated module generation prompt: - Cleaned up dead files - Ran content chef

Prompts/iOS/ModuleGenerationTemplate.md, after:

You need to generate a file like this one:

title: "iOS Interview Preparation"  
description: "An extensive overview of essential iOS development knowledge, designed to prepare you thoroughly for iOS interview success."  
subModules:  
  - title: "Swift Programming Language"  
    description: "Comprehensive insights into the Swift programming language, covering foundational to advanced concepts critical for iOS development."  
    subModules:  
      - title: "Fundamental Swift Concepts"  
        description: "Covers basic Swift language constructs and types, essential for building a solid programming foundation."  
        lessons:  
          - "types_overview"  
          - "optionals_basics"  
          - "basic_control_flow"  
      - title: "Intermediate Swift Concepts"  
        description: "Explores intermediate features in Swift such as structures, classes, and protocols that are core to app development."  
        lessons:  
          - "classes_and_structs"  
          - "protocols_and_delegation"  
          - "error_handling"  
      - title: "Advanced Swift Features"  
        description: "Delves into advanced Swift language features that enable high-performance, modular code for large-scale applications."  
        lessons:  
          - "generics_and_type_safety"  
          - "memory_management"  
          - "swift_concurrency_basics"  
  - title: "Software Architectures and Design Patterns for iOS"  
    description: "A deep dive into essential software architectures and design patterns used in iOS for scalable and maintainable applications."  
    subModules:  
      - title: "Model-View-Controller (MVC)"  
        description: "Introduction to the MVC pattern, the foundation of many iOS applications, and best practices for its use."  
        lessons:  
          - "mvc_overview"  
          - "mvc_implementation_examples"  
      - title: "Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM)"  
        description: "An exploration of the MVVM pattern, commonly used for more complex iOS apps and with SwiftUI."  
        lessons:  
          - "mvvm_basics"  
          - "mvvm_data_binding"  
          - "mvvm_advanced_usage"  
      - title: "Other Architectural Patterns"  
        description: "A look at additional architectural patterns used in iOS, including VIPER, Redux, and Coordinator pattern."  
        lessons:  
          - "viper_architecture"  
          - "redux_pattern"  
          - "coordinator_pattern"  

---

### Instructions:

1. **Output Format**:
   - **Generate the output as a single YAML file**.
   - Present the output in a code block so it’s ready to copy and use directly in a YAML-compatible editor.

2. **Lesson Identification and Structure**:
   - When listing lessons within the YAML structure, they must be **listed by their unique ID** as provided in the lesson metadata list. This ID will be the only way to retrieve each lesson.
   - Use only the lessons provided in the metadata list; do not generate any additional lessons, IDs, or metadata.

3. **Structure and Organization**:
   - Think of this as a well-cataloged course outline with carefully grouped lessons.
   - **"Leaf" modules** (modules containing lessons without further submodules) should include **no more than 1-7 lessons**. If a topic requires more lessons, consider creating multiple modules in a logical, organized way.
   - **Depth of Modules**: Avoid deep nesting wherever possible. The maximum depth of modules should be 6 to maintain clarity and readability. 

4. **Considerations for Content Grouping**:
   - Carefully analyze each lesson’s **title** and **description** to determine the most suitable groupings.
   - If a module has too many lessons, look for opportunities to split it sensibly based on topic areas or levels of proficiency (e.g., Fundamental, Intermediate, Advanced).
   - Aim to maintain a logical flow from basic concepts to advanced topics wherever possible.

5. **Consistency in Module and Lesson Titles**:
   - Use clear and professional titles for both modules and lessons.
   - Ensure module titles accurately reflect the content scope, e.g., use terms like "Fundamentals" or "Advanced" if they help convey the learning path.
   
6. **Suggested Grouping Logic**:
   - Group lessons into modules based on their logical connections or complementary focus areas.
   - Place more advanced topics under higher-level modules (e.g., "Advanced Swift" or "Architectural Patterns").
   - Avoid creating single-lesson modules unless absolutely necessary.

7. **Learning Goals**:
   - Consider the main goal: interview preparation for iOS developers. Group the lessons in a way that makes it easy to follow a progression from foundational knowledge to advanced techniques.

### Emphasis on Conciseness and Sensibility:

- **Sensible Module Titles**: Each module title should concisely capture the main topic covered. Aim for 5 words or fewer for clarity and readability, unless additional words are essential to convey meaning. Since all of these items in the module are iOS, there is no need to emphasize it in submodules, avoid redundancies in naming modules.
- **Module Creation Based on Lesson Content**: Construct modules based on themes emerging from the lesson topics. For example, if multiple lessons cover Swift basics, place them within a single "Swift Basics" module. If the number of lessons is high (e.g., over 8-10 lessons), split these into submodules to keep organization clean and coherent.
- **Consistent Format for Questions and Examples**: Ensure code examples and questions follow Markdown indentation and omit triple backticks, as they may cause formatting issues.

### Input Format

Here’s an example list of lesson metadata that you will be provided to organize within the modules. Focus on the **title** and **description** fields for this task.

Example lesson metadata:

[
  {
    "title": "Swift Concurrency with Async-Await and Structured Concurrency",
    "tags": ["concurrency", "async/await", "structured concurrency", "actors", "Swift", "asynchronous programming", "Swift concurrency"],
    "description": "A detailed exploration of Swift’s concurrency model, covering async/await, structured concurrency, and actors for efficient asynchronous programming."
  },
  {
    "title": "SOLID Principles for iOS Development",
    "tags": ["solid", "solid principles", "clean", "clean architecture", "software architecture", "architecture", "software design"],
    "description": "An in-depth lesson on the SOLID principles and their implementation in iOS development to enhance code modularity, maintainability, and scalability."
  },
  {
    "title": "MVVM Architecture for iOS Development using SwiftUI",
    "tags": ["mvvm", "model-view-viewmodel", "mvvm architecture", "mvvm design pattern", "design pattern", "ios architectures"],
    "description": "An introductory lesson on MVVM architecture and how to implement it in iOS development with SwiftUI, covering key components, benefits, and implementation examples."
  },
  {
    "title": "Optionals and Unwrapping in Swift",
    "tags": ["swift", "optionals", "unwrapping", "optional chaining", "guard let", "if let", "nil coalescing", "swift programming"],
    "description": "A comprehensive lesson on the use of optionals in Swift, including unwrapping techniques and underlying implementation details."
  },
  {
    "title": "Variables and Constants in Swift",
    "tags": ["swift", "variables", "constants", "let", "var", "iOS development", "programming basics"],
    "description": "A lesson on the use of variables and constants in Swift, explaining the differences between 'let' and 'var' and guiding when to use each."
  },
  {
    "title": "Memory Management in Swift",
    "tags": ["memory management", "ARC", "automatic reference counting", "retain cycles", "weak references", "strong references", "unowned references"],
    "description": "A comprehensive lesson on memory management concepts in Swift, covering ARC, strong, weak, and unowned references, retain cycles, and best practices for avoiding memory leaks in complex applications."
  }
]

Your task is to organize these lessons into a structured course outline using the given guidelines.

---

Ensure that your output has the correct structure, logically grouping related lessons and creating submodules as needed. The output should be a structured, organized **YAML file** with the title `"iOS Interview Preparation"` at the top level and a coherent hierarchy of modules and lessons beneath.
